link to finnished codepen: https://codepen.io/TGIFernando/pen/ZEWJdwJ

1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML mark ups that give it meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? it is used as the building blocks of a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? helps define any extra charactaristics of an element. right after an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?Main title and once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. img, href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? titles navigation logo
    7. What is an id? helps you identify specific things in your code that you want to refer back to
    8. What elements can I add an id to? all of them i think
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? helps you identify code you might want to alter in CSS
    11. What elements can I add a class to? all of them?
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many as your heart desires
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? for screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id?#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. section means all the code inside is grouped where a div can be anything
    17. What is CSS used for? styling web pages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one class if you want to style something in css and dive to make compartments.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? .human p{} if you want specitivity
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?.sidebar a:link{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selects things that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?line-height: 20px;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?letter-spacing: 20px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?border: 10px dotted red;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? <!-- (comment out)-->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? -rm you could remove everything
    34. Why should I use version control? its indistry standard and you can edit/view old code
    35. How often should I commit to github? as often as possible. every major addition
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, copy link, add TL, clone where you want it, cd into repo, create new branch, work, add, commit, push,pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline elements may contain only data whereas block elements can contain multiple different data types.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? all other elements will treat it as if it were not there.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 